Documentation: updating and cleaning the build guide. (#14097)
trilinos/Trilinos: doc/build_ref/TrilinosBuildReferenceTemplate.rst

The Kokkos package is enabled with ``-DTrilinos_ENABLE_Kokkos=ON``), then
the native configuration option of the Kokkos package are available such as
``-D Kokkos_ENABLE_OpenMP`` or ``-D Kokkos_ENABLE_CUDA``. We recommend that
you visit https://kokkos.org/kokkos-core-wiki/get-started/building-from-source.html
and https://kokkos.org/kokkos-core-wiki/get-started/configuration-guide.html
for further information on how to select the various configuration options
for your build with Kokkos.

The following Trilinos variables will pass their value to the equivalent
Kokkos variable

============================    ======================================   ============================
Functionality                   CMake Cache Variable                     Kokkos Variable
============================    ======================================   ============================
Device options:
* Enable Cuda                   ``TPL_ENABLE_CUDA``                      ``Kokkos_ENABLE_CUDA``
* Enable OpenMP                 ``Trilinos_ENABLE_OpenMP``               ``Kokkos_ENABLE_OpenMP``
* Enable Pthread                ``TPL_ENABLE_PThread``                   ``Kokkos_ENABLE_THREADS``

> * Specify Serial                ``TPL_ENABLE_MPI=FALSE``                 ``Kokkos_ENABLE_SERIAL``

Reviewer: > Another use case is OpenMP & no MPI, but I don't know how common this might be.

I'm fine with the current state if others object to including this permutation.

> * Specify Serial                ``TPL_ENABLE_MPI=FALSE``                 ``Kokkos_ENABLE_SERIAL``

Author: Actually the relationship between MPI and Kokkos was not accurately represented, we simply enable `Kokkos::Serial` all the time not for no-MPI builds.

cross-platform shared-memory parallel programming model. Many Trilinos packages,
and other stand-alone applications, use it to implement parallel algorithms.

The Kokkos package is enabled with ``-DTrilinos_ENABLE_Kokkos=ON``), then

> the native configuration option of the Kokkos package are available such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the native configuration options of the Kokkos package are available such as
```

cross-platform shared-memory parallel programming model. Many Trilinos packages,
and other stand-alone applications, use it to implement parallel algorithms.

The Kokkos package is enabled with ``-DTrilinos_ENABLE_Kokkos=ON``), then
the native configuration option of the Kokkos package are available such as

> ``-DKokkos_ENABLE_OPENMP=ON`` or ``-DKokkos_ENABLE_CUDA=ON``. We recommend that
> you visit https://kokkos.org/kokkos-core-wiki/get-started/building-from-source.html
> and https://kokkos.org/kokkos-core-wiki/get-started/configuration-guide.html
> for further information on how to select the various configuration options
> for your build with Kokkos.

Reviewer 2: I would avoid providing these URLs for future proofing
```suggestion
``-DKokkos_ENABLE_OPENMP=ON`` or ``-DKokkos_ENABLE_CUDA=ON``.
For comprehensive information on how to configure Kokkos for your specific build,
including details on selecting various parallel backends and optimizing performance,
please refer to the official Kokkos documentation from the Kokkos website (https://kokkos.org).
```
